Welcome to today's live demo.
In Episode 5 of Posit Cloud Essentials,
we're going to be diving deep into using the platform
to teach data courses and workshops.
If this is your first time watching,
my name is Alex Chisholm,
and I work on the Posit Cloud team here at Posit.
I'm also really excited to have a co-speaker
for the first time who knows a lot
about the intersection of R and data science
and education really as much as anyone.
Mine, would you like to introduce yourself?
Yeah, thanks for having me today.
So my name is Nina Chetinkar-Arundel.
I'm a developer educator at Posit in the open source team,
but I'm also a faculty member at Duke University.
And I have been using Posit Cloud
for quite a few years now at this point,
at times as part of my on-campus teaching
and at times for teaching workshops
that are either short-term or long-term workshops
outside of here.
So I'm happy to share my experiences.
Yeah, that's great.
I'm very glad to have you here with us today.
And before we get into the benefits
of teaching with Posit Cloud,
I just wanted to say,
if you have any questions along the way,
please drop them into the chat box.
We will get to them in real time if we come across them,
or we have time at the end to circle back
after the demo we're going to be running.
So what I'd like to start with actually
is before we as instructors were lucky enough
to have cloud environments to teach,
like what life was like,
and I want to take you back to a troubling time in 2016,
where I tried and failed for the first time
to get students in like a data literacy type course
up and running with coding.
And everybody was really, really excited
about the opportunity.
So it was kind of disappointing the first time
where we had everybody pull up their desktop IDEs
and we spent the entire first class
like troubleshooting individual pains
that people were going through
trying to get up and running, right?
So like I couldn't get the right packages installed.
I couldn't find the files
that you're asking me to connect to.
What even is a working directory?
I'm on a different operating system.
Like all of these questions would come up
and it just, it became very difficult
to have a starting point for all the students
to start at the same place.
I'm curious, Mina, from your perspective,
I do have like one or multiple moments
of painful teaching experiences from this type of pain.
Yeah, I do.
I, you know, I bet the pain is felt differently
from the student side, but as an instructor,
I can sort of pinpoint two things.
One is when I would try to teach with IDEs
sort of like on installed individually on student machines.
One thing I realized is that I am not great
at troubleshooting on an operating system
different than my own.
So I've been a Mac user for quite some time now
as I've been learning to use R and RStudio.
So I'm pretty familiar with when you install things
where they go and how to troubleshoot them.
And I have always felt awful
when a student comes up to me with a Windows machine
and what I tell them is, I don't know how to help you.
Oh, but I can help your friend
who has an operating system similar to mine.
Or sometimes some students
will have their operating systems
in a different natural language
than English or a language I speak.
And that usually feels really bad too
when I can't help them.
Another thing though, is that for my classroom teaching,
I have been using some cloud version of RStudio,
I wanna say forever.
Back in the day, RStudio, the company would actually,
you know, allow a few instructors
to sort of run a hosted version
of what was then RStudio server, I suppose.
And I would use that.
But something I had not realized
is that when you distribute a data file to students
and you're teaching in a computer lab,
so the machines are not the students and not your own,
but the universities,
students might have no idea where the downloaded files go.
So even if you, you know,
think that you are 100% prepared to teach,
you've even sort of set up your computing environment
and you think things are ready to go,
you go to the computer lab
and the first thing you're faced with
is where are the files are downloaded.
And I remember spending about 20 minutes
trying to get started with a class
thinking this is not where I thought we would choke.
So these things do happen.
And it seems like it's very difficult to be prepared
to teach in an environment different
than one that you can access.
Yeah, that's completely fair and accurate.
I think that's where Pulsar Cloud
has made teaching a lot easier for a lot of people.
In my role here,
I've worked with a lot of individual instructors
that are kind of running their own course
within a university,
also with entire departments
that have multiple instructors that are coming on board
and people that are just running workshops.
But this ability to get students up and running
with the same environment,
the same files from the get-go,
really it's just saved a lot of time
on the instructor side.
But as you mentioned from a student side as well,
it doesn't lead to these burdens right away,
which can be frustrating when you're just learning out,
which takes away some of that excitement.
So we feel that by finding a way to build a course
or build a workshop around Pulsar Cloud,
you're not only saving the time and effort
of getting people in this unified environment,
but you're able to bring people into this space
where the system's going to scale with you.
And if you have more students
or if you have more instructors,
they can kind of work into that flow as well.
And when we're thinking about like,
how do you go about and just deliver
any kind of educational course,
broadly speaking, it likely follows something like this.
You're trying to set up
with some kind of learning objectives.
What do you hope to impart to students?
What do you want the outcomes to be?
Why do you believe that they're important?
From that, you're putting together course material,
what's going to put them on the best path
to acquire, to achieve these learning objectives,
getting into content distribution,
being able to take a project or take some code
or just take a concept and put it in front of people
at the right time.
And then finally, the ability to support
and assess along the way.
So, you know, was it effective?
Where were the pain points?
What individual issues came up that needed to have
to be looked at a little bit more closely?
So I'm curious, Minae, like,
does this align with like your mental model
as you're preparing courses,
specifically data courses,
which might be a little bit different
than teaching something that doesn't have a technical
or a coding-based perspective?
It aligns very well with the instructor I aspire to be.
But I think that sometimes things go
a little bit differently where I find myself
sort of circling more than once through this,
which is that, you know, creating course materials,
that seems like the type of thing you should be doing
at the beginning of the semester, for example.
Like, however, for me, it's usually something
that I'm doing throughout the semester.
To be perfectly honest, at times,
it's because I just don't have everything ready
at the beginning, but also because sometimes, you know,
I read about a cool feature in a new released version
of a package or something new with Corto.
And what I want to do is I want to be able to show
in class the next day, this new thing I've learned about.
So that might mean that now I want, you know,
the most recent version of a package to be installed
on the environment where my students
are going to be doing the computing.
And to be able to have access to do that myself,
as opposed to going through IT, has always been really nice.
And also distributing content as well.
You know, I don't necessarily have
every single homework assignment,
every single in-class exercise prepared and ready to go
to be sort of like distributed at once to students.
So usually these things unravel throughout the semester.
I also find that students find it overwhelming
to be delivered everything at once.
And it allows me to pace things a little bit better
based on how class went.
So that flexibility of making things visible to students
at a particular rate is another thing that I really like.
Yeah, I'm curious, what courses are you typically teaching?
We talk with a lot of people that are teaching psychology
or economics or statistics or getting into data science.
Where is your focus?
So I am a faculty in the statistics department.
My primary focus for teaching is introductory education.
So that's introductory statistics
or introduction to data science.
The courses I've taught most regularly, most recently,
have been introduction to data science
using the data science in a box curriculum.
But I also teach data visualization courses,
both at the introductory and advanced level as well.
I teach a few other things here and there too,
but these have been sort of like the ones
that I teach most regularly,
and usually quite large classes.
What is quite large from your point of view?
Well, next semester it will be almost 300 students.
So that's large for my university, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, fantastic.
Yeah, digging in a little bit to these themes
a little bit more.
So starting out with the learning objectives.
One of the courses that I taught years ago
was just this data literacy type course,
data as a second language.
So I knew I had three units, right?
I wanted people to understand what data is.
I wanted them to be able to manipulate it
in more sophisticated ways.
Then I also wanted them to be able to go out
and communicate to other people.
So when thinking through,
once I had that bad experience trying to do things
with everybody on their own laptops,
I moved into what could PositCloud kind of like deliver
and how could I take some of this content
and put it into some of the functions
and features on PositCloud?
So the first part was,
what can I teach within RStudio IDE?
Later PositCloud has added Jupyter Notebook,
which is still in a beta,
but for those instructors who do wanna have
some native Python coding material,
they can do it through that.
And then where am I gonna get my data examples?
How are they gonna be brought into the system?
Are we gonna go out and just import CSV files?
More recently, PositCloud added data connections this year,
which makes it easier to connect to databases,
which from what I understand are not often taught
in a lot of data courses,
especially at the undergrad level
in terms of just connecting
and be able to start doing manipulation.
But we found some really great public databases
that are out there that allow you
like to put in a Postgres connection,
make that connection and start performing analysis on it,
which is great.
Mene, are you typically working with flat files
at this point?
Are you using data files from within packages?
What is your go-to source?
Mostly flat files.
We start with data files from packages.
So my teaching style is that the first thing we teach
is data visualization.
So we sort of start by visualizing data
that is already, not necessarily I would say cleaned up,
but in a data frame format, let's say.
So already in R, the variable types
are what you expect them to be like factors
or dates and stuff like that.
So that's why we start with data sets and packages.
And then we take a step back and import data
primarily from flat files.
So Excel or CSV files or Google Sheets
is another one that we tend to import data from.
I don't teach databases much,
but another thing we do teach is web scraping.
So then in that case,
the data is coming from an unstructured source
and then using code getting structured into a data frame.
Yeah.
Yeah, great.
And then bringing this into what the course
would look like in PositCloud.
PositCloud I think is powerful
from an educational point of view
because it's based around this notion of a space.
So you create a count as we're gonna see
in a demo in a few minutes.
You're able to create this dedicated space.
You can use it for whatever you want.
You can bring in specific people.
So when thinking through it from the point
of view of bringing in course materials,
you can make a space, you can bring in new projects,
you can create RStudio projects or Jupyter projects.
You can now publish some outputs as well to the space.
If you have Quarto, let's say,
maybe summarizing the semester's content.
And then once you do this,
you're able to manage all the content
that you have within this given contained environment.
So once you have it there,
you wanna go out and be able to put it
in the hands of students.
So there are a couple of ways we'll look at
where you can invite students to your space directly,
controlling what they are able and not able to do,
and then what they are able
and not able to see at different moments.
So Meena mentioned earlier,
like not overwhelming students
and throwing up every single thing from the semester.
We have some features on Positive Cloud
that can make that easier as well.
And then at the end of all this,
like once you have students that are in the space,
they're able to access your content
and go along and learn kind of in real time with you,
your ability as an instructor
to go into a student's project,
be able to run the code,
maybe see what is going wrong,
potentially fix issues or work collaboratively,
make comments.
And then at the end of all this,
we were talking about,
how do we assess and evaluate work?
And I know that we don't have actually
built in functionality right now on Positive Cloud
to really support the grading aspect of things.
So I'm curious, Meena,
in all these courses that you've taught over the years,
like what is your process for evaluating,
learning outcomes from this type of material?
So usually it really depends on
the course that I'm teaching.
In my Intro Stat courses,
what we, the evaluation,
actually in any of the courses I teach,
the evaluation itself happens outside of Positive Cloud.
And so students submitted using
whatever course management system we're using.
So in my Introductory Statistics course,
that is happening on Gradescope, for example.
So they render their Quarto document to a PDF file
that they then export out of that Positive Cloud project.
And then they upload it to Gradescope.
And that's where the grading is happening basically.
And feedback is being given there as well.
With my Intro Data Science courses,
there is also a Git and GitHub component to the course.
So in that case,
everything is submitted as a GitHub repository
and the evaluation, depending on the course,
is either done there or on Gradescope as well.
The way we've been,
like for the courses where I teach Positive Cloud,
the way it has come into play has been more on the,
sort of the support side,
the go into a, like not the assessment side,
but the support side,
being able to sort of go in and diagnose for the students
what the issue might be.
And I will say that that's usually not like a first thing
I offer to the students.
You know, if we're,
even if we're physically together in office hours,
but also if we're not,
and we're talking on like a course discussion forum
or something,
I try to get them to articulate what the issue is.
But sometimes it turns out
that we're not getting anywhere with that.
And the student is getting more frustrated
because they sort of don't have the right terms
and I can't see what they're doing.
And maybe they're not sharing like a full screenshot with me
of what's happening.
So being able to just peek in,
not necessarily always to fix the issues,
but to understand what the issue is
and then leave the space and then articulate to them,
here is what you might want to look into.
It's really, really nice.
Yeah, that's great advice.
What I'd like to do now,
before we get into a live demo,
is just talk a little bit about the two ways
that you might be able to set up
instructor style accounts on Paws of Cloud.
If you are like an individual instructor
or you are running workshops,
you know, you can create an individual account.
You can go up and if you have five different courses,
you can make five different spaces,
or you can use one space and reuse it for different groups
and cohorts of students that are coming through.
If you are part of a wider group within your institution
or your university,
we have organizational accounts
where there can be sort of central management
of the instructors that you would like
to be a part of that.
So this means like centralized billing
and also the ability to sort of monitor
and see who's doing what in which space.
So what I would like to do now
is hop over to Paws of Cloud.
So I'm gonna switch into the browser here
and I'm gonna go ahead and log in
and we'll start just by looking
at the individual approach to doing this.
And what I always encourage,
like if you're new on this call
and you haven't been in Paws of Cloud yet,
there are free accounts that are available
and it's the best way to sort of experience
and feel what Paws of Cloud is like
because we don't get a lot of this functionality
by different tiers of service.
Like if you were to have a paid plan eventually,
you would have like more compute hours
and you'd have more compute power,
but all the things, all the building blocks
such as spaces and projects are gonna be there
on a free account as well.
So let me go ahead and log in now.
And the first time that you get into Paws of Cloud,
you're gonna get to a relatively plain page
that is known as your workspace.
And here you could start building projects
and you could see the specific project
that you might be working on,
but what you can't do in this first space
is invite others to collaborate with you.
And of course, we're looking at education here.
So we want to have students,
we wanna have a back and forth of our content.
And for this, we're gonna go to this notion of space.
So if I click on the end and I scroll down,
I can create a new space.
And maybe we call this stat 250.
Most people won't have a dropdown here,
but if you have multiple accounts you can access,
you can choose one here.
I'm gonna go to my individual personal account
and just create this space.
So we have a new course area.
You can see that two new tabs popped up.
I have both data,
which are these data connections that I mentioned earlier.
So if you do work into your curriculum,
some ability to go out and touch a real database,
you can set up the credentials here
so that students don't need to be entering these themselves
over and over again.
But more importantly, we have this member tab.
And here's where we're gonna be able
to have a couple of different ways
to bring in different people into our space
to engage with our content.
And we'll do that in a few moments.
But first of all,
let's start off with like the core functionality, right?
You see this dropdown new project.
If I click on this, I see four options.
I can either create a project from a template.
And if I were to do this,
you're gonna see a few things.
First, you're gonna see that we don't have a template
defined specifically for our new space yet.
We could do that,
and we'll do that in a few moments time.
Or you could create a new project from a template
that really Posit has put together for you.
So for instance,
we have data analysis in R with a tidyverse.
If you were to go into that,
you'd be able to see a markdown document
that talks through different functionality
within the tidyverse for basic exploratory analysis.
And all the packages,
all the data that you would need for those examples
would already be included in there.
But the most common thing I think teachers do,
they go through and they create a new RStudio project.
And maybe this will be called week one EDA,
depending on what we're teaching.
It's going to take about 15 to 20 seconds
to go ahead and spin up a new instance
specifically for your project.
And then once you're in it,
I would say 90, 95% of what you'd expect
on RStudio IDE on your desktop,
you'd be able to achieve and accomplish here as well.
So you can go ahead and upload files
from your local environment.
You can make those database connections
either through the ones that we defined earlier
through Posit Cloud,
or a new one through other database drivers
that happen to be available.
We could build in markdown files, code.
Again, we can bring in data to support all of this
and essentially building up what you want in week one
for your students to be able to engage with.
I also won't publish anything here,
but I'll show you the functionality we have as well.
So maybe you're working with a Shiny app.
What we can do is build up the Shiny app.
And we'll just look at the base one that comes included.
We're gonna have to go out and get all the packages first.
And that's what it's downloading right now.
And then once that is complete,
I'm gonna go ahead and call this test.
Gonna make sure that when we run this app,
we're gonna do it in our window
so we can see it within the pane.
So we can see right away our interactive Shiny application.
And because we're all part of this same
unified experience on PositCloud,
if I wanted to publish this to my space
for other students to see, you could do that.
So again, we're just gonna go ahead
and install the required packages
to make this publication publish to PositCloud.
And you can see by default where it's asking you to go
is to the space that we're putting it in.
So we won't do that now,
but if we did and we go back to our content list,
we would see both the project that we just created,
the week one EDA, and we would see the project.
Now at the moment, we're missing two key components
to teaching a course, right?
We're missing students to look at things.
And we're also missing the ability for students
who might be here to see what you worked on.
So this first RStudio project,
if you wanted to put that in the hands of students
in your space, you can see that it's marked private.
We're gonna go into settings
and we're gonna go to access.
We're gonna change that private to space members.
So that's the first thing that you would do
to put the content in front of students
that are in the space.
And then we have two options here
that can be very relevant, I think, when teaching a course.
The first is making this project an assignment.
And if I were to click on this,
you can see that there is an assignment button
that comes with that week one EDA.
And now when a student were to join the space,
they would come in and it would change.
For them, they would see start.
So they know that there's an action on it.
They would click start.
It would make a copy of the project specifically for them
that then they could interact with
without risking what you put together in your first one.
It's a safe environment that they can go back
and they can create it again and again and again
if they wanted to.
We also have the ability now
with a new feature called templates
to turn this into a specific template for the space.
So if I click on template,
it's gonna take away the assignment functionality.
I can make this template something
that we can get from that initial list
of start a new project with templates.
I can also make it the default
for every single RStudio project that comes from this space.
Let's just go ahead and save it as template
just to show you where this would now pop up.
It becomes a template within your space
and any student that came
because it's available for all space members,
when you click on new project from template,
you can see week one EDA.
So there are a couple of different ways
you can do things now,
now that we have template functionality as well.
We'll look at it in a few moments.
Another example of using templates
may be to like surface like all the data sets
you wanna be able to share out throughout a semester.
And if a student wants to create a new project
from those core data sets,
they could again come back and back to this template.
Minnie, I'm curious when you're setting up courses
on Posit Cloud,
are you typically using assignments
or templates or nothing at all?
Both, so I definitely use a template
particularly because there's a,
I always use the Tidyverse packages
and I like being able to,
I teach with library Tidyverse.
I wanna make sure that we have
all of the Tidyverse packages installed,
even if for a given lesson,
we may not be using all of them.
And so that's one of the things
I put in my template for sure.
And also, rendering a Quarto document with our code
and that requires like Knitter to be installed and stuff.
So I make sure that all of that
is installed in the template.
So that's the first thing I set.
And every once in a while throughout the semester,
I'll update the template too.
So that going forward, like we use the new packages,
but usually that stays for the semester.
And then for each day that I teach,
so this semester I'm teaching
an introductory statistics course
where we're using Posit Cloud.
And every single day we have
an application exercise in the class.
So that's like a live coding thing.
So I have stubs of code that I share
with the students in a Quarto document.
And then we sort of improve upon them
during the in-class exercises.
Those are set as assignments
and I make them visible sort of shortly before class.
And then their homework assignments
and stuff are also distributed as assignments.
What I like is that it nicely contains them for the students.
So in my opinion, it's sort of almost an improvement
above working with the IDE for learners
because the idea of switching between projects
in the local IDE is I think something
that comes with experience versus in Posit Cloud
to switch between like different sets of documents.
You have to switch the projects.
So I feel like it teaches you
to think about projects earlier than you might otherwise
which is I think a benefit.
Yeah, yeah, I think you're right.
Let me jump now from the space we just built
into one that looks a little bit more filled in
but we don't have time obviously
during a quick demo to put this together
but I'm gonna go into spring 2022
and here I've got a course.
It's filled out.
You can see that we've got a bunch of files here.
A lot of them are repeating in names.
The reason for that is that these are coming
from students who have made copies of these assignments
but you can see right away
we've got more going on in this space.
Maybe even a little bit overwhelming at first.
So if you were the professor
and you came in maybe mid semester
and you saw all of your students interactions
with a bunch of different files,
we have ways to filter this down as well.
So if you click on your content,
now you will see essentially what you have made
and what you have released to the group.
So we have two assignments.
You can see manipulating data
which is available for all space members,
understanding data available for all space members.
And then we have a third one communicating data
which is still private.
So right now a student, which we'll see in a few moments
who comes into the space wouldn't see this
because it's not yet available for them.
And we have the two assignments.
As I mentioned, we also have this template
and the template is just an RStudio project
that has a bunch of different data sets
that if a student ever wanted to build a project on
with those libraries that Mine mentioned
and with a bunch of data sets that they can test it out,
they could because we've made it a template
go to the new project from template
and see sample data sets.
And again, create that project
with all of those assets pre-included.
So what I'd like to do now actually
is show you what the membership tab looks like.
So you saw on the content list
that a few of the content items
were matched back to individual students.
And you can see here right now in our course,
we have me and then we have student A, B and C.
Each of them are given this contributor level of permissions.
And if you click on initial role here on the far right,
you can see who can do what.
But typically, if you are the instructor,
you're gonna be the admin on the account.
And if you have students that are joining,
you want them to be contributors.
They're gonna be able to engage
with the material you've put up there,
but they're also gonna be able to create their own projects
when they want to and play around,
again, in a safe way that isn't going to break anything.
There are also two ways to bring members to your space.
So if I click on add member,
the first thing that's going to come from this,
especially if I click on invitation required
and I click add member, I'm gonna have an email address.
So I can put in a new individual's email address.
I could tell them specific information
in the copy of the email for them to come join the space.
They would receive an email.
They would click the link.
They would come to PositCloud.
If they already have an account,
they could simply just go ahead and accept it.
If they don't, they'll be required to sign up
for a free version,
and then they can come in on most education plans.
When you start having a lot of people in your course,
you might want to just go ahead and use a sharing link.
So here we have an anonymous link that I can copy.
And now on my clipboard, I've got this link.
I can give it to students in a chat or via a generic email.
People could follow this and then come into the space.
And what I'd like to do now is take that link
and show you what it looks like from a student's perspective
who received this invitation.
So I need to switch my screen here,
and I'm going to bring it now to my other window.
Okay, I think you can see it.
So here we are on PositCloud on a student laptop,
let's imagine.
I'm going to paste in the invitation to join that space.
I do already have an account on this system,
so I'm going to go ahead and log in.
And now Gustav is going to be able to get an invitation
to this space.
Are you willing to join?
If the answer is yes, you come in.
And now I'm going to go ahead and log in.
Are you willing to join?
If the answer is yes, you come in.
The first thing you see is some about text
that the instructor was able to put in
the space specifically.
And then the next time they log in, they won't go there.
They'll go straight to this content area.
And we can see a few things.
We can see that I've got four pieces of content,
and I've already joined this space under this account,
which is why I just wanted to say continue.
But if you look at manipulating data,
like this is something that the student has not yet started.
And when they click on this,
we can see that a project does open up.
It's called manipulating data.
It's going to have the initial code in
that we want the student to experience and play with.
And it will also have all the packages and data sets
that were able to be set up initially.
But what this does is it doesn't take your project,
the instructor project that you put together.
It saves it as their own.
So we can see here now we've got manipulating data.
It is from that student D.
It is currently private.
So only they can see it within their space.
Only they can see it as well as the admin instructor
can see this content list.
And we can see that they can even filter down
the information a little bit better
to see what's going on in unit one,
and maybe what's going on in unit two.
Now we talked on the other screen about that template.
So imagine the student comes into the space
and they don't have this thing about data sets.
You can say, well, go create a project from a template
and you'll be able to find the different templates
that are made available within the space.
So if I switch back one last time to the instructor view
and go refresh my member tab,
I can now see that I have this new person,
this student D who has joined the space.
So I've got four students.
They're all able to engage with the content
that I make available for them.
The final thing that I'll show is the usage.
So not only are we able to bring people into our space,
engage with our content,
we're also able to keep a pretty good look
at who's doing what and who's being active
down to the content level.
So you can see this is showing us that in this month,
the calendar month,
there've been four hours of compute
associated with projects and outputs in the space.
There are eight unique pieces of content
and there are four active members.
If I scroll down,
we're gonna see that we have the instructor
and we have students A through C
already have some compute time associated with it.
Student D just joined and at the moment
they don't have any compute associated with them.
But if you were to click on student B, let's say,
we can see these 1.14 hours
came from two different projects,
understanding and manipulating data.
So we have some usage statistics in here as well.
So that primarily is how you can bring your content
into a space, engage students and get them to experience it.
I've seen a few questions come in along the way
for this specifically,
maybe now let's see if some of these are good to answer
at the moment.
So Boyan's asking,
is there a way to share a project with someone
who is not a member of my course workspace?
And there are two answers to this.
One, if you're talking about a course space,
the answer is no.
You need to be able to invite someone in there as a member,
give them the proper visibility to see that.
In the personal workspace,
there is actually a way to do this.
You can make that first personal workspace
that we looked at when we logged in.
If you were to put something there,
you can say, share with other cloud users.
And then if someone else has a positive cloud account,
they can be able to access that project.
We can drop, let me drop into the channel here, the guide.
And if you look at the differences in sharing
between that personal space
and let's see if I can find the box.
Actually don't see where I can drop in a direct reply here,
but I'll share it on the YouTube channel
through our friend Hannah.
Then we'll be able to tell
where you can do these specific things.
So lastly, we've gone through the live demo.
We talked about how we can build a specific data course.
We knew from the beginning that this has sort of taken away
some of the pain points,
both on the instructor side and the student side.
We have a lot of uptick in the education community.
17 of the top global universities
are either using PositCloud as an institution
or with individual instructors.
We've had thousands of instructors and workshop leaders
go through using PositCloud for these courses and workshops
and hundreds of thousands of students
have started their data science learning path on the tool.
It's also quite flexible
in terms of how you can get involved.
At the moment, instructors are $15 a month.
There are a variety of ways that you can go ahead
and sign up for accounts.
If you're able to use credit cards,
we have very, very flexible monthly subscriptions
where you can add students, remove students.
If you're on an organizational account,
you can go ahead and add additional instructors as well.
If you're working with very large cohorts
and maybe a purchase order makes more sense for you,
we're flexible there as well
and can talk through your needs on a case-by-case basis.
In each one, to set up ways
to accommodate your student costs,
there are three primary approaches.
Either you can pay a $5 per student monthly fee
for the student.
You can have each student pay it for themselves
or you can set up an account, again, through Stripe,
through a credit card on the platform
that only will go back to the usage within your space.
So you would pay $15 for your instructor fee
and then anything above that would just be
based upon the compute hours used by students in your space.
So again, I encourage you to go to posit.cloud,
create a free account,
play around with some of the functionality
that we looked at today.
And really, I think if you haven't tried teaching
through a cloud-based system yet,
you're in for a real treat
the preparation it takes
to get all of your content in one place
and the ability to bring on students
in a pretty seamless way.
Thank you very much for attending this.
Mine, thank you so much for joining us
and giving your incredible and very practiced opinions
on using posit.cloud for this type of education.
At this point, I'd like to invite back on Hannah,
who's on our side and is gonna help with the Q&A
that's come on the board
as we've been going through the presentation.
Hey, thank you.
Thanks, Alex.
Thanks, Mine.
Yeah, like Alex said, I'm Hannah.
I'm on the marketing team here at posit.
So I'm just gonna moderate some of the questions
that have been coming in today.
And just a reminder, if you still have questions,
we've got a chunk of time here at the end to answer them.
So feel free to keep on submitting questions
and we'll just run through them as we receive them.
But the first question that I would like to ask you both
is from Sanjay.
And he asked, if you were asked the top reason
for what you like about posit.cloud,
what would be your response?
I think Mine should answer this one.
So I think I have, the top reason I would say
is being able to peek into student projects so easily.
I think that feels like a superpower.
Even when you're not with them, you can do this.
This was incredibly helpful when we were teaching
fully virtually a couple of years ago,
but I still find it very useful
even though teaching is happening in person.
But I have to add that second reason,
which is the fact that everything
is like a contained project.
So students don't have to worry about sort of file paths
and where they put their files.
You set up the file structure for them
and they start computing in there,
which I find to be very helpful for new learners
as opposed to sort of bogging them down
with those details as well on day one of class.
Yeah, the only thing I would add is the flexibility
of spinning up new courses, of adding and removing students.
Like it makes it very easy to sort of build that cohort
that you want to see the content
that you're putting together.
Yeah, that's super helpful.
Next question I'll go to.
When I share with my students a project all installed,
our packages are available to them,
but that does not seem to be the case with Python packages.
Is that really the case or is there something else?
I think if you're using Jupyter Notebooks,
the best thing that you can do
is to set up through the templating functionality
that we looked at.
So for sure using that templating functionality,
you start a new Jupyter Notebook project,
you bring in all the packages that you want to.
And then if you set that as a template,
your students are gonna be able to access that project
with all those pre-installed packages that are there.
Awesome.
And then I think you answered the next question.
So I'll skip that one and go to this one.
Is it possible to publish on PositCloud,
say an HTML document generated from a Cordo Notebook
that can be shared publicly
and anyone with the link can access it?
At this point, no.
All sharing on PositCloud has to go
either to somebody within your space
or to another person that has a PositCloud account.
Okay.
Next question from Ralph is,
if students want to access their work after a workshop,
I conduct corporate training for other companies.
What are the options besides just keeping them
as a student in perpetuity?
Mindy, how do you handle a sort of content transfer
during your courses?
So I think one of two things.
Some students can choose to transfer that project
into their own workspace so they can move it.
More often, I also have students
who just export the project out like locally.
So they make sort of a local folder of all of their work,
whether it's from a workshop or a course.
So that exporting and then like keeping a copy of it locally
is another thing that I've done.
And then the other thing is if you're also teaching,
like if there is a GitHub repository connected
to the project or the space,
then, not space, I guess, the project, to the project,
the text files and the data files can be there as well.
That doesn't solve sort of the packages side of things,
but at least it solves the other content.
Awesome.
Let's go over to the question from Jason.
Jason asked, I have an account for an academic researcher.
Do I have to create a new account for teaching
or kind of what would you suggest?
I think it's gonna depend on the level of teaching
that you're doing.
I know there's some limits on that academic researcher plan
in terms of how many people can come into your space.
I'd recommend looking, either reaching out to us
so that we can have a conversation
about what exactly it is you're trying to accomplish
or checking out what those instructor plans look like
and see if that could also meet your needs.
I'm gonna jump over to a Slido question
that we got a bit earlier.
I think someone asked maybe a little bit more generally
about just teaching data courses.
They said, do you have a favorite piece of advice
you've received related to teaching data courses?
I'll try to take this.
So I would say, I think the best advice that I've received
has been around trying to get a sense
of like the background of your students,
which is, you know, in a way easy to do
at the university level
because there are prerequisites associated with the course
and these are like strictly enforced generally.
So you kind of have a sense of the background
of your students or the lack of a background
of your students in the content that you're teaching.
But when I teach workshops, that's not necessarily the case.
So something where if possible doing a short survey
where you can get a sense of what they know
and what they don't know ahead of time,
I find to be really helpful.
And I'll be honest, that's not to say
that then I tailor the entire workshop
based on the data that I get from them
because that's usually not possible.
People, you know, sign up for a workshop
knowing what the content is or having read
what the content is going to be.
But I think it does change how I articulate certain things
and how much time I spend on certain details.
So that would be one thing.
And then the other thing is, you know,
I think live coding is one of the best things
for teaching data courses of any kind,
whether that's like a long-term course at the university
or a short workshop.
And with live coding, I find it really helpful
to be able to do the live coding in the same environment
that your students are doing it.
Because I think one of the most frustrating things
for learners tend to be, no, I ran the same code you ran,
but I'm getting different results.
It's never exactly different results,
but maybe something looks slightly different
or they're getting an error
because they haven't installed a package
that you have installed or something like that.
So just being able to sort of do the live coding
in the same environment is really important.
So I think one of the sort of the best pieces of advice
I've received was to do more and more live coding
and anything that facilitates that I find very helpful.
Yeah, the one thing that I heard
was don't try to teach too much.
Like I first started teaching, right?
And like I was given a textbook
and they said, this is what you're teaching.
And I try to teach every single thing in that chapter
where especially like at the intro level,
I found like you wanna get people's appetite up for data.
You want them to be excited enough to go on
and learn bigger and better things
and cramming everything down their throats
in a limited period of time wasn't that helpful.
I mean, I also mentioned like running a survey
to understand them.
The other thing that I would recommend
that I thought worked well
was making the data that they're initially looking into,
especially with people
that don't really understand data at all,
data that they generated
because then they really understand
where it's coming from and what it is.
And this can be as simple as saying,
an anonymous survey and then throwing up,
weight and height and turning that into like a correlation,
regression type analysis,
because people can see their data turning
into something meaningful right away.
And I found that was always useful.
That's awesome.
Thanks for sharing.
So I'll go on to the next question that we received
and this one's from Nikki.
She asked, what suggestions do you have
for seamlessly utilizing PositCloud
and Canvas LMS in a course?
Yeah, right now we don't have any formal integrations.
I do know some universities are experimenting
with ways of people exporting things
from work on PositCloud
and then uploading those into Canvas
for subsequent grading.
I don't think we've got a great use case
there built in right now.
Minnie, have you attempted anything
or are these separate environments?
Separate environments.
So we also use Canvas,
but my students will export their sort of PDFs
of the assignments that they're working on
and then we'll upload them to Gradescope basically,
but it's they're doing the exporting and uploading.
We don't have a sort of a connection between the two.
I think we made it through all the questions
we've received so far.
So if you all have any more questions,
feel free to drop them in
and we'll wait a minute or so more
to hang on the line and answer them.
One thing I would share is that there's a library
of past PositCloud essential events
that you can view at any time
along with the recording of this event
if you'd like to go back to certain sections
and that'll be on our YouTube channel
and I'll share that link in the chat with you all.
Great, thank you.
Thank you, Hannah.
And Minnie, really, thank you so much for joining us today.
I know you have another course to go teach
in just a few minutes time,
so we really appreciate your time and your perspectives.
Thanks for having me.
Yeah, so I don't see any more questions coming in,
so I think we've answered them all,
but thank you both so much for joining today,
answering questions, going through this.
I think it was super helpful.
So thank you all.
Thank you all for joining and submitting your questions
and we'll see you next time.
All right, thanks a lot.